Okay.
So super quick lesson here.
I know it may be a little bit frustrating because with every lesson it feels like we're always moving
so close to the end.
But then there's always that one lingering JavaScript file somewhere in the project or that one lingering
component that we discover somewhere that's not yet converted to TypeScript.
But I promise you, I think this is the final lesson here in terms of the conversion.
So you may recall we have a router directory and it has an index just filed.
Here is where we configure all of our routes for the app and export the actual view router.
Let's go ahead and change this one to have eighths extension and if we're lucky, there's not going
to be any violations.
And it looks like everything is looking good here.
All right.
So no violations.
This file looks good.
And now we know that all of our components have the proper typescript setup with the Lang attribute
as well as the defined component function.
And here I have all the folders expanded and we can see that all the files are in TypeScript.
Here's composable, the router directory, the store directory utils, here's our views directory with
all of the additional view components and here is our test directory and we can see in here all of our
tests are now in TypeScript as well.
So a big round of applause.
And thank you so much for your patience for bearing with me as we went through a lot of these repetitive
steps to convert our complete project to TypeScript.
So lots of progress in this lesson and hopefully this section as well.
Hopefully in this section you've learned a lot about how to both migrate from JavaScript to TypeScript
and also how to generally write TypeScript code as well.
So I hope all this has been helpful and we can wrap everything up in the next lesson.